[Speed] Remove trailing spaces (#20191)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/speed/index.mdx

## Related products

<RelatedProduct header="Cache rules" href="/cache/how-to/cache-rules/" product="cache">
Customize the cache properties of your HTTP requests.
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="Cloudflare Web Analytics" href="/web-analytics/" product="analytics">
Understand the performance of your webpages as experienced by your site visitors.
</RelatedProduct>

<RelatedProduct header="Cloudflare Image Resizing" href="/images/transform-images/" product="images">

> Transform images on Cloudflare’s edge platform: resize, adjust quality, and convert images to WebP or AVIF format on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transform images on Cloudflare's edge platform: resize, adjust quality, and convert images to WebP or AVIF format on demand.
```
